Unit support when accessing and assigning properties (#744)
SINTEF/dlite: README.md

>>> homes.age = 34  # Assign the age
```

> If you have [Pint] installed, you can also specifying or accessing the age

Author: ```suggestion
If you have [Pint] installed, you can also specify or access the age
```
